# Vault Earning Collection

## Product Design

Golff Vault is an intelligent income aggregator, based on the DeFi protocol that automatically selects the optimal revenue strategy configuration. It can help investors obtain the best returns in the market with one click, thereby greatly reducing the entry barriers for ordinary investors, while reducing the loss of income caused by information asymmetry.

Golff Valut will automatically place the assets in the Golff Vault pool in the DeFi agreement with the highest yield after auditing and screening the contracts of each DeFi platform and standardizing the rate of return. Moreover, when the rate of return in each agreement fluctuates, the Golff Vault agreement will automatically adjust positions and transfer funds. This series of operations are completed on the chain through smart contracts, which are completely open and transparent, and allow the Vault pool The funds in China are always placed in the DeFi agreement with the best yield in the market.

The following are the product using steps of Golff Vault. More detailed product using instructions including UI interface will be announced after the product launched. 
- Deposit your cryptocurrency assets in Golff Vault
- Golff Vault automatically selects the best return investment strategy for you
- Automatically convert the income obtained into GOF income in DEX

## Product Features 

> Linear release of income

This function is used to prevent large funds from diluting the income of other owners of the Vault pool by quickly entering and withdrawing. All the income generated by the Golff Vault pool will be evenly released within 24 hours after each deposit, and only after 24 hours Fully receive the income of the deposit. For example, if a user receives income 4 hours after depositing in the Vault pool, he can only receive 1/6 of the income generated by the deposit.

> Strategy automatic adjustment

The Golff Vault machine gun pool will implement an automatic switching strategy based on the real-time market conditions and confirm the contract audit, that is, the automatic adjustment of the Vault pool. In this way, for a Vault pool of encrypted assets, users can obtain the highest return in the current market without the user's perception and no additional operations. Each Vault pool is the highest audited return that the encrypted asset can obtain in the current market.

> Overlay of mining revenue

In addition to the benefits of the machine gun pool, golff Vault participating users can also receive additional mining revenue bonuses. This will be achieved by staking the equity tokens in the Vault pool in the Farm to obtain GOF incentives or additional distribution in the Vault contract . The follow-up team will discuss the two methods in the community to determine. This can perfectly combine Farm and Vault, and use higher revenue to encourage users to participate in the products of Golff Vault.

> Reapers, reduce slippage and increase revenue

Any user can use the harvest function to reap the GOF income in Golff Vault. Reapers who use this function can get 1% of the current income in the Vault pool. Harvesting requires payment of contract fees and transfer fees on Ethereum. The cost depends on the current Ethereum network situation. The Harvest function realizes the operation of converting the current income into GOF in DEX. This can reduce the comprehensive cost of contract invocation when each user withdraws revenue. In addition, frequently calling harvest can reduce the slippage caused by DEX transactions during harvesting, thereby improving the overall revenue of users in the Vault pool. When performing the Harvest function, users need to weigh the required fees and the benefits they can obtain. At the same time, they also need to view the harvest operations that are being called in the Ethereum browser to prevent the benefits from being harvested by the first user who successfully calls.