# Golff DAO Framework

## What is a DAO?

DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization) A decentralized autonomous organization, sometimes called a distributed autonomous corporation (DAC, decentralized autonomous corporation), is an organization represented by rules encoded in a computer program that Everyone in a DAO can issue proposals and vote to make decisions.

## Golff DAO Governance Framework

Golff DAO is a decentralized autonomous organization and smart contract system serving the Golff ecology on Ether, which refers to an open decentralized organization that is not controlled by hierarchical central authority, operates automatically according to predefined program rules, and gives voice to all stakeholders in the network, and is the managed token and utility token of the Golff system. Anyone with internet access can hold and exchange GDao tokens. Users can participate in Golff project governance proposals and voting by holding GDAO, and voting resolutions are not limited to project destruction mechanism, production reduction mechanism, increase mechanism, mining pool quota, Vault pool strategy, etc.

## Community Proposal Governance Process

1. Any holder of 1% of the current network-wide circulation of GDAO tokens can apply for a proposal, which will include a project destruction mechanism, a production reduction mechanism, an increase mechanism, a mining pool quota, a Vault pool strategy, etc.
2. The proposal will then enter a 3-day voting window where any user holding GDAO tokens can participate in a vote (the number of GDAOs represents the number of votes).
3. Voting can be done by delegating the vote to yourself, or by proxy. To allow a proxy to vote, the vote needs to be delegated to the proxy before the proposal is created.
4. A proposal is approved when the number of votes cast in favor of it is greater than the number of votes cast against it and the number of votes cast in favor of it is greater than 4% of the total number of votes cast.
5. After the proposal is approved, anyone can directly invoke the contract to execute the content of the proposal.

## Golff DAO Governance Token GDAO

Considering the circulation and trading attributes of GOF tokens, the daily trading demands of community users will greatly reduce their enthusiasm to participate in Golff governance, Golff DAO will launch a new governance token GDAO, which will carry the functions of the entire Golff community governance and guarantee a smooth transition of Golff's overall governance structure, GDAO will be produced by the locked GOF output, and users holding GDAO will receive corresponding rights and interests, including

- Right to propose and vote in Golff governance
- Receive rewards for participation in governance
- Receive a portion of the agreement profits
- More rights and benefits will be granted by community user proposals

GDAO tokens are closely related to Golff's development, and are essentially derived from GOF tokens, which are equivalent to time-weighted GOFs that focus on governance. In fact we do not recommend assigning any price to it either.

## GDAO output mechanism

Total GDAO: 10 million pieces, 100% generated by GOF pledge mining or lock-in mining. The output of 5 million pieces in the first year, according to the average daily output, and then halved every year, with 50% of circulation in the first year and 96.88% of output expected in 5 years. The mining mechanism is specified as follows.

The first phase lasts for 10 weeks, with a weekly output of 96,153.8 GDAO. Users can pledge GOF in Golff Farm for liquidity mining to obtain GDAO, and the mining pool will adopt a one-coin double mining mechanism to retain GOF mining. Users can get both GOF and GDAO mining rewards by pledging GOF.

The second phase will start the lock-in mining, the specific mechanism will be decided by the community proposal vote.

## Golff DAO Start-up Time

To ensure a smooth overall switchover, the Golff DAO governance framework switchover will be officially launched when the GDAO circulation reaches 10% of the total volume (i.e. 1 million GDAOs). The start-up is currently completed